>> Kent C. Dodds: Okay, yeah, so
the question is from Francis and
it's regarding the guiding principle
of the react testing library,
the DOM testing library is
that phrase that I say.
The more that your test resembles
the way your software is used,
the more confidence it can give you.
And so the question is okay, so how
does that apply to a component library?
Or even one that doesn't expose any why.
And so
the user isn't gonna use that directly.
So in those situation I consider the user
to be the consumer of the software, so
the developer who's using it.
So it's kind of a fancy way to just say,
test your component as
if it's a black box.
And only test the public facing API,
don't worry about any of
the implementation details.
And so, yeah, when I'm building
a component like Downshift
is a component that I've been working
on a lot, it's autocomplete library.
It's not actually used
directly by end users.
People have to use it to create
experiences for end users.
So I just use the public API.
A big part of the API is that
the children prop is a render function.
And so I actually make that a spy and
I make sure that that is called
in the right way when I'm testing
it because that's part of the API.
The props are part of the API and so
I interact with it in the same way
that the software's going to be used.
In that case it'll be used
by other code props and
the children prop.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Cool?
>> Kent C. Dodds: And somebody's asking
do you use jest/no-large-snapshots?
They're referring to an ESLint rule.
Eslint plug in Jest.
It's a great collection of jest rules for
ESLint so I suggest that you use these.
One of these is no large snapshots.
Yeah, right here.
So yeah, you can set a limit for
how big your snapshots can be.
I actually haven't added this yet
to anything.
I probably will eventually.
Yeah, so something to look at.
eSsence is pretty cool for
things like that